Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[upbeat music]
♪ When you see me passing by say hello ♪
♪ If you go give me trouble just go ♪
♪ Me I no dey like wahala.
I no want no drama ♪
♪ Namaste wahala ♪
[alarm beeps]
♪ When you see me passing by say hello ♪
♪ Hello ♪
♪ If you go give me trouble. just go ♪
♪ Just go ♪
♪ Me I no dey like wahala.
I no want no drama ♪
♪ Oh. no
Oh. no ♪
-[mouths Hindi] Hello.
-[mouths Pidgin] Trouble.
♪ Hello ♪
♪ Just go ♪
Sorry about my friend.
[clears throat]
Can one of you just stay still
while the other one moves?
♪ If you go give me trouble. just go
Just go ♪
♪ Me I no dey like wahala.
I no want no drama ♪
♪ Oh. no
Oh. no ♪
♪ Namaste wahala ♪
-[laughter]
-Really?
-I don't know why you're laughing.
-What?! OK. hold on. wait. wait.
But did you think he was cute?
-That's not the point.
-You think he was cute!
So you like oyinbo. You like white guys?
Cute. you like him! Ha ha!
Can we not talk about me for one second?
How about you?
-Fine. what do you want to say?
-Who is the new guy in your life?
Cos last I checked it was Ochuko.
but that was last weekend. so…
You make me sound like I'm bad!
I'm not that bad.
We all know how you like your variety.
Exactly. you know. So why you being spicy?
Just a… Just a pinch.
[both laugh]
-I love you. but I gotta go.
-Aw.
-Look after yourself.
-I do. Where you…
-Oh. you're gonna see the guy.
-I'm going home.
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
Well. just call me when you get home.
Dude. man.
I can't believe you made us walk
an extra hour.
an extra hour. on that beach.
looking for that babe.
I have to find that girl.
You know this is crazy. right?
Like. how do you want to marry somebody
you don't know anything about?
Haven't you heard about
love at first sight?
What. you don't believe in
[speaks Pidgin English]
Sorry.
Do you know if she's from
the marine world?
Or a crazy person? Or hire killer?
Emma. you watch too many movies.
It would make sense in a Nollywood movie.
OK. what if she's married?
Oh!
-I didn't see a ring on her finger.
-Not today?
Married people don't always
wear their rings-o.
OK.
OK. I don't know if she's married
or if she's not married.
And that's exactly why
I need to see her again.
Ah. And tell her what?
"Hey. Sorry to disturb you.
Are you married? I'm just asking
because I want to marry you."
Seriously!
See. I don't know how you would do it
in India. but this is Naija.
You can't just walk up to a woman
and say. hey. you're my wife.
It doesn't work like that.
You have to toast her.
Take her out. take her friends out.
OK. OK. OK.
Thanks for your brilliant advice.
-You're welcome.
-But my dear advisor.
to do all of that.
I need to find her first.
Because if it's meant to be.
it's meant to be.
-Good morning. Mama.
-Hmm. good morning. dear.
How was your run?
Today was… really good.
What?
-Good morning. Daddy.
-Morning.
-Hi. Didi.
-Hi. Somto.
You're here early.
Well. I come bearing great news.
and it couldn't wait. so…
Your father has finally sealed
the Axel Savannah deal.
[laughs]
Oh! See? I told you what's meant to be
is meant to be.
-Congratulations. Dad.
-Thank you.
Amazing news.
Well. Somto here deserves some accolades.
He worked very hard to make sure
we got that account.
Thank you. sir. I was just doing my job.
Oh. no. you do more than just your job
in the firm. and you know it.
You should have been a part of the process
from the beginning.
Instead you are sidetracked by your hobby.
You and Somto will make a fantastic pair.
This looks really yummy.
Just look at her.
You know you're stubborn. right?
Well… I mean we're just cut from
the same cloth.
I didn't know that our annual
CSR commitment
would lead you into working for an NGO
and that Indian friend of yours.
Dad. I love working there.
It makes being a lawyer feel worthy.
Worthy? Chidinma.
that is not a job. it's a hobby.
You should spend more time in the office
and build a real career.
Erm. sir. I think she understands
it is just the CSR projects
that continue to keep the company
-in very positive light.
-OK.
OK.
Can she at least give me a son-in-law?
-Ernest!
-But it is true. Shola!
We're not young anymore.
Somto here is a fine young man.
[Somto coughs]
Well… I'm sorry.
With the two of them together.
I can rest easy and know that my company
is in good hands.
Can we just eat? Please?
Of course.
Shola. pass the pancakes.
-Sir. maybe I should just--
-No. no. no. Somto. you sit down.
And finish your breakfast.
You young ones. you should interact more.
Did you just…
So. Didi…
How's the food?
-You know. what your dad said--
-Look. Somto. trust me.
ignore my dad. You don't have to feel
pressured into doing anything.
No. no. there's no pressure whatsoever.
I just think that maybe
we should actually…
-Right.
-[phone ringing]
-Hey. Angie.
-[Angie yells]
What is it?
[Angie sobbing]
He left me!
-I can't believe it.
-Angie. it's OK. now. stop.
Who is this "he" that left you?
-Dave. my boyfriend.
-You were dating?
-Oh. Didi!
-I thought it was Ochuko.
You too?
Angie. your life is finished.
Your life is finished!
Your life is not finished.
stop being so dramatic.
Was I being dramatic?
Why was I being dramatic?
Do you know everything I did for that guy?
I cooked for him. Didi.
-I paid some of his bills.
-You paid his what?
I said I paid from my pocket.
I took care of his mother!
And the sex!
We had so much sex.
There were weird positions.
I was upside down.
In the nightmares.
It's OK. I'm sorry.
He told me we were friends with benefits.
Benefits!
I'm sorry. You know you did not tell me
you guys were dating.
I just assumed you were just friends.
I didn't know…
-You're supposed to be my best friend.
-I'm sorry.
See. this is why I tell you to always
define your relationships. Angie.
I'm done. Didi. I'm done. I'm done
for real. Like. I'm done with guys.
I'm done with them.
They're horrible. nasty. mean.
OK. baby. you know what?
Rather than sit here
and cry your eyes out.
why don't you come to Leila's
fundraising event with me?
No. I don't want to go.
It's to help raise money
for women that have been abused.
It'll help take your mind off Dave.
I don't want to take my mind off Dave.
I want to mourn him.
-I don't want to.
-Are you sure?
-I'm sure.
-Sure?
Yes.
Shame.
Cos. I mean. there'll be a lot of
hot eligible bachelors.
but I mean. I understand
if you just want to sit here and cry.
Didi. Didi.
[clears throat]
What did you say now?
Didi? I want…
Let's go together. Look at me.
-No. you want to stay here and mourn Dave.
-Dave who? Am I his wife?
Stand up. let's go! Let's go!
This is the girl I was telling you about.
Her name is Tosin.
You don't have to be scared.
we're here to take care of you.
Exactly. We'll make sure
you get all the help you need.
And keep you away from that monster.
Why don't you take her to get something
to eat? And we'll talk about this later.
OK.
-Poor girl.
-So sad.
Didi! Di-di-di.
Thank you so much
for inviting me to this party.
-I'm having a great time!
-I told you.
I'm having a great time. thank you.
So did you enjoy the presentation
on the girls in the NGO?
I think she's referring to how many rich
men have been asking for her number.
Honey. you know this.
[laughs]
I am the NGO.
And congratulations.
We just closed the Sterling bank deal.
I'm getting a call. just one second.
I'm gonna have to call you back.
Hi. Ma.
I'm sorry. Ma. I was on the phone.
Work call. Ma.
I know. Ma. I saw the ten missed calls.
We just spoke a few hours ago.
-Hey. Mama.
-Emma says hi.
Yes. we're at the party.
I will call you on the return.
Love you too. Ma.
Na wa oh. When will your mum
stop calling you so much?
That's what happens
when you're an only child.
Unlike me and my blood-sucking siblings.
Whoa. that's harsh.
What's harsh is them calling me
every five minutes.
"Emma. I've not paid my school fees.
Emma. landlord called again."
I'm tired. Every minute.
one money trouble after another.
That's why you have to.
how do you guys say it? To hammer?
I need it badly!
That's why I followed you to this event.
Maybe somebody can invest
in my music career.
Demo in one hand.
business plan in the other.
I'm going in.
Watch and learn.
Best of luck.
I didn't expect the turnout to be so good.
Leila.
Especially since they know
I'm running after all their money.
At least it's for a good cause.
-And you both are very good at it.
-Thank you.
-Leila.
-Hi!
-Great event!
-Thank you! Welcome.
I got…
-Do you know her?
-You know him?
You're the…
You're the guy from the beach.
Yes. I'm the guy from the beach.
It's nice seeing you again.
If it's meant to be. it's meant to be.
Sorry?
Nothing. it's just something
I told my friend this morning.
When I told him I'm gonna marry you.
-Excuse me?
-[Angie squeals]
Thirsty.
OK. You're bold.
And you're beautiful.
Hold up. let me introduce you guys first.
-So this is Raj. my cousin.
-Your cousin?
Yeah. Actually. one of my favorites.
And he's an investment banker.
-And he helps with a lot of my deals.
-And he's single.
And this is Didi. she's a sweetheart.
She's a lawyer and she also helps me
with my NGO.
And she's very. very single.
Nice to meet you.
[dance pop music]
[Hindi] ♪ When you're with me
every minute is exhilarating ♪
♪ In this exhilaration our love blooms ♪
♪ In you I find the reason to live ♪
♪ Then why should we stay apart ♪
♪ It's just you and me here ♪
♪ So why should we be shy ♪
♪ I am unstoppable ♪
♪ I'm getting lost in you ♪
♪ So come to me ♪
♪ And give me a kiss ♪
♪ This is my intention ♪
♪ I don't wanna let you go ♪
♪ When I see you at night ♪
♪ I lose my mind ♪
♪ In a dream ♪
♪ I forget myself ♪
♪ It all started with
your beautiful eyes ♪
♪ Let me tell you the story of my dreams ♪
♪ If you ask I can stop breathing ♪
♪ Or ask my heartbeat to stop ♪
♪ So come to me ♪
♪ And give me a kiss ♪
♪ This is my intention ♪
♪ I don't wanna let you go ♪
[song ends]
I wanna meet your parents.
Didi. I told you
I don't like it when we come out
and your face is like "mmm." what is it?
What's the problem?
-I think it's too early.
-Mm.
Just. seriously.
it's just been three months.
Wow. Look at you. It's like this one
doesn't know what the market is saying.
-Which market?
-The dating market.
Didi. listen.
You think it's easy to find one who wants
to buy what you're selling? Bu-bu-bu.
Wise up. You're lucky.
Ugh. That's not even the point.
So what is the point?
-My dad wants me to marry Somto.
-[laughs]
Somto.
If he finds out about Raj. I'm screwed.
Yeah. proper screwed.
but he's not gonna find out.
Didi. Didi. Didi.
Preemo. what are you doing here?
Just tying up some loose ends
on the Axel deal.
You'd probably know about it
if you actually came to work.
Who is this?
-[Angie mutters]
-Where's your… your Indian boyfriend?
I don't see him around.
Yeah. I saw you guys together at Shiro.
Wait. your… your dad
doesn't know about him?
-I swear. Preemo. don't you dare try it.
-She won't try it.
Didi. How are you doing?
Hi. Angie. It's been a while.
good to see you. How've you been?
[falsely] Hi. Somto! So good to see you!
Hi. Somto. You're here too.
Yes. we just had drinks with some clients.
Speaking of. I really should
go sort out the bill.
Yeah. we have our meeting for Monday
that we need to prepare for.
Yes. sure. Bye. Angie.
it was good to see you again.
-Bye. Somto!
-Bye. Didi.
Bye.
Yeah. so I have to go.
I have a lot of work to do.
Someone has to take care of
your family business.
Alright then.
-Nice seeing you.
-Snap along.
Snap off. go on.
There you go. that's the door.
-What is that?
-What am I gonna do? That witch knows.
Didi. do you love Raj?
No. you have to say it with your chest.
You have to say it with confidence.
-Do you love the man?
-Yeah. I love him.
Then you have to tell your parents.
You have to get to them before she does.
that's what you have to do.
Didi.
What is it?
Mummy. I…
My boyfriend wants to come
and see you and Dad.
Oh. my goodness. Oh. my goodness!
Hey!
[exclaims joyfully]
This is such wonderful news!
Do we know him?
Is he the same guy that you've been seeing
for the past couple of months?
-Mum!
-Oh. I knew you were seeing somebody.
I just guessed that. I figured you'd
let us know when you were ready.
Mummy.
[exclaims joyfully]
I'm just excited. that's all. I'm sure
your father can't wait to meet him.
Where's he from?
Good evening. Auntie. I'm Raj.
Good evening. Thank you.
I'm sure Didi has told you all about me.
Ernest!
Good evening. Uncle.
I'm Raj.
Chidinma. is this the best you can do?
-Ernest!
-He's a good man.
There are many good men
that are Nigerians.
-You bring me an Indian?
-Dad. please!
OK. so why did you bring me an Indian?
-Ernest.
-No. no. No. Shola. no.
I've let you carry on with your
pro-bono thing for as long as you want.
but this. this right here…
marriage is serious business!
He's the one I'm gonna hand my legacy
over to. for goodness' sake!
[Igbo] I'm tired. I'm done!
[Didi] I'm sorry.
[Emma laughs]
I don't know how you find this amusing.
I was mortified.
They didn't even know I'm Indian.
Or I guess they didn't want to believe it.
She should have at least prepped them
before I went there.
Oh. she should have prepped them?
You didn't prep me.
You didn't let me know
you were going there.
Ah! You should have told me. now.
You should have told me you were
going there. I wold have prepped you.
You can't just go to your in-laws' house
just like that.
There are certain steps you have to take.
Like?
I'm sure you went there dressed…
Western style.
-Yeah.
-See what I'm saying? No!
You have paid penalty to throw in now.
You have to wear native attire.
Let them know you are one of us. Blend in.
-And I'm sure you went there empty handed.
-No.
I took a bottle of Italian vintage wine.
Vintage wine!
You're a classy guy. Still wrong!
Kola nuts. gin. palm wine. goat.
-Goat?
-Goat!
That's how we do things here.
-Man. What am I gonna do now. Emma?
-You pray.
[Didi] It was horrible.
It was so awkward.
I don't want to relive
that experience again.
[Angie] I'm so sorry. Dee. I… You know
I'd stay here with you all day if I could.
It's just that my lunch break
is almost over. Are you OK?
If you saw my dad's face…
Didi. I've told you now.
forget about your dad.
You know he doesn't know
what the market is saying.
-What market?
-Just ignore--
Don't ignore me. It's the dating market.
And I shop there every day.
-And where are you doing the shopping?
-OK.
So. there is social media.
there is dating sites.
there's the supermarket. there's church…
funerals.
-Angie!
-What is it now?
Alone is lonely. you know.
You better be careful.
it's a dangerous world out there.
-Yes. tell her.
-I know. I know.
-[knocking on door]
-I'll be fine.
Come in!
[Angie] Wow. look!
-These just came in for you.
-Thank you.
No wonder! Mm-mm. I can see why
the two of you are preaching at me.
You… You have a man that is practically
begging to meet your parents.
And you have a boyfriend that sends you
flowers and chocolates at work.
-He's not my boyfriend.
-Oh! Then who is he?
[coughs] Secret admirer.
[shrieks] You have a secret admirer!
Oh. that's so cool!
I didn't know they still existed.
So romantic.
I don't understand the mystery. I don't
know why he just won't reveal himself.
I'm sure he will. He's probably
just waiting for the right time.
Alright. you guys. I have to go.
my lunch break is over.
I'm just going to grab these.
These are looking…
-Is it your own?
-You know I love love!
-Leila!
-This is full of love.
Are you feeling OK? Better?
Alright. I'll call you later.
-Bye. guys!
-Bye.
So. are you gonna give him a call?
Have you spoken to him since you last met?
Uh-uh.
You know you can't leave it that way.
You're gonna have to eventually call him.
[door opening]
Hi.
[sighs] Hi.
Raj.
About the other day.
I thought you told them.
I tried.
That wasn't fair. Didi.
You let me walk right into the lions' den.
You should have at least prepped them.
It's not that easy.
What part exactly? To tell them my name?
Or tell them where I'm from?
[door opening]
What do you want?
I wanted to play my song.
But it can wait.
-You're not being fair.
-What. and you are?
Do you know how utterly embarrassed I was?
And I said I was sorry.
What else do you want from me?
-I want--
-[door opening]
[both] Get out!
-Your father…
-[phone ringing]
Ma. what is it?
-What?
-Is everything OK?
Yes. I'm in Nigeria. I've reached.
-Which one are we picking first?
-I said one minute.
I was trying to get in touch with you.
[Pidgin] Which one are we picking first?
They won't allow us to stay here.
Put all three in the boot. And be careful
with that one. that's my wedding bag.
-Your wedding bag?
-Be very careful.
-It would have been a wake keep bag.
-[Hindi] Why are they being so rude?
Ma. you should have just sent me a text. I
would have picked you up from the airport.
No. don't bother. I'm just coming.
I'm on my way.
Is it a holiday you came for?
With all this luggage?
How you going to pack it then?
Put one in front then.
Waste of time.
[Hindi] What is all this drama?
-I'm finished.
-Now we go?
-Where you go?
-We go to where I live.
How do I know where you live?
Do I look like your husband?
Or do I look your neighbor?
We're going to Victoria Island. Can we go?
Where in Victoria Island?
Victoria Island is divided into two.
Is it at the axis of Ajah or Lekki?
I don't know. I'm going to my son's house.
-Your son's house?
-In Victoria Island.
-Do I know your son?
-Follow the map.
Doesn't it have an address?
What's this nonsense?
God shouldn't let us meet bad clients.
Doesn't our destination have an address?
[Hindi] What is this?
Have you lost your mind?
God won't spoil our work
cos I don't speak your language.
-I will go inside.
-Come into the car.
Let me be honest with you.
we will both get lost today.
We'll get lost.
at some point I'll drop you.
Hope you know they have banned
motorcycles?
You'll get to your destination
with the help of a horse.
Your fare is 3.500 naira.
-Now you're talking about money?
-Yes.
-I'll give you two five.
-You'll give me what?
-Two what?
-Two five.
Two five.
-Please come help unload her luggage.
-OK. OK. OK. I'll give you three.
-Three five. last price.
-I'll give you three!
-How can you give me 3.000?
-[Hindi] You're driving me mad!
Did you buy the car for me? You would've
carried my car since you bought it for me.
-I'll give you three.
-Three five.
I'm taking it cos I want to pity you.
Because we would meet again.
You're gonna pity me?
[Hindi] If this was my country
I would have shown you sense.
-Just get in. you don't have money.
-Attitude.
Get in.
[Hindi] Who knows where these cartoons
find me. Because of money. chu chu chu.
Now you're sat behind
like you own the car.
-Come on!
-You're in the owner's seat. get up front.
-Why sit in front?
-There's no seatbelt in the back.
Huh? Why do you want me to sit in front?
It will shock you.
[he mutters]
You're such a pain.
Now what? Now I'm sitting in front.
Now you take me to Victoria Island.
Ahh! Where are you?
That's a lie. Help me use the seatbelt
because LASTMA officials are approaching.
It's not working. just hold it like this.
Where are you? Eh?
[they continue to argue]
-Did you watch the Chelsea-Man U match?
-Get off the phone!
I'll call you back.
I'm talking to my friend.
We have to go home to Victoria Island.
-[Hindi] Come. Ma. Come. come.
-[Hindi] I'm so happy to see you.
After how long am I seeing you? Tell me.
You've become so thin.
You are not eating well. right?
Ma. what have you brought?
What have I brought? My stuff. what I
always bring. You know how I am!
Huh? You have become so thin
your bones are sticking out.
I'll make you some nice butter chicken.
you'll become nice and fat.
-I'm fine. Ma.
-"I'm fine. Ma."
I think on that note eat a ladoo.
Take. take. take. take.
Eat. Open your mouth.
Now you'll have to eat plenty more.
Just you wait!
I'll make nice food for you.
-I missed you so much.
-I missed you too. Ma.
-How's Dad?
-Dad? Dad's OK.
Just the way he is. [laughs]
Baby. now you should get married.
-You should get married now.
-Ma. about that…
I want to make you meet someone.
Good afternoon. Ma.
Who is she?
She's my girlfriend.
You mean a girl who's a friend
or someone you work with?
Ma. come on. You know what I mean.
She's the girl who I want to marry.
Are you serious?
She can't look after you the way I have.
Can she make chola bhaturas
like I make for you?
-Ma. please don't.
-Don't be silly. No. this is madness.
No. No means no.
[Hindi] I'm going to the kitchen
to take out your jalebi.
-Ma.
-No. this can't happen.
-I'll talk--
-Didn't prep my parents. huh?
And I thought it was Nigerian
mothers-in-law that were dramatic.
-Huh.
-Hmm.
Trust me. Raj's mum…
takes the trophy.
-Didi?
-Hmm?
Are you sure he didn't say anything
to his mother?
Nada. He was just quiet.
Be careful. It's like you have
a mother's boy on your hands.
I mean. to be fair. I didn't really stick
up for him either with my dad. so…
Didi.
Then fair is fair.
I'm just saying…
Didn't you say him and Leila are cousins?
And talk to her now.
Maybe she can help you guys.
-Just try.
-I don't know if she can help.
-I guess I can give it a shot.
-There you go.
I missed my food. Normally I don't like…
[phone ringing]
[Pidgin] What's up?
What?
Oh. my goodn-- Where is she?
Where is she now?
How is she?
What? Who did this?
It's a new client of hers.
He took her to a hotel.
He… He tried to…
touch me. but…
Jane. you don't have to.
But I didn't let him.
That's…
That made him really angry.
So he started beating me.
Kicking me.
Hitting me all over my face.
He hit my nose.
He was calling me all sorts of names.
And then he pushed me to the ground.
And he tried to get on top of me.
Did he…?
No.
I think he…
He enjoyed beating me more.
He's not going to get away with this.
I promise you.
[Didi] OK.
[phone ringing]
-Hey. Angie.
-Finally. Didi. What happened to you?
I've been trying to call you and you
haven't been picking up your phone.
I've been worried.
I sent you a message now.
but I was still at the hospital.
Didi. You know Raj is really worried
about you. right?
He's been trying to call you.
he's calling me.
Just. can you call him. please?
And tell him what?
You know. tell him something.
Tell him you wanna elope.
I… Tell him you want to see him.
Just call him and tell him something.
please. OK?
You're crazy.
I never wanted him to come and work
in another country.
[man] Are we really going
to go over this again?
Give the guy a break. He's a grownup.
Over my dead body.
So she's a Nigerian girl.
What's wrong with that?
Thanks. Dad.
[phone ringing]
Did you just say what's wrong?
Did you just say what's wrong with that?
Have you gone completely mad?
See. she's calling.
See that smile on his face.
She's taken my son!
Meera. why are you being so dramatic?
Come on. Meera. leave the guy alone.
Don't "come on. Meera" me!
You never help. I don't even know
why I called you. Such a waste of time.
You're of no help!
At least this is always the same.
[Didi] Hey.
Sorry I didn't take your calls.
It's OK. As long as you're not
breaking up with me.
-Of course not.
-[sighs] That's a relief.
I thought you were ignoring me
because of the way my mum treated you.
I'm sorry. I should have said something
in your defense.
but I was caught completely off guard.
Well… My dad didn't treat you
any better.
I know. but give me some time
and I'll charm my way into his heart.
Just like I did yours.
How? Are you going to sing to him
like you did me?
I could try. Except we aren't
in a Bollywood movie.
[Didi] Good morning. Dad.
What is good about this morning?
Chidinma. what is this?
It's a suit.
Against Raymond Uchenna Nwachukwu.
And you are the prosecuting lawyer?
My own daughter?
I know. That's actually
what I came to talk to you about.
Daddy… He assaulted my client.
Do you have any idea
whose son that boy is?
Well. he's a spoilt. entitled brat who--
Whose father is Chief Jason Nwachukwu.
Managing Director of Deville Enterprises.
One of our biggest clients.
You will drop this case immediately. Here.
-I can't do that.
-Oh. yes. you can. You are my daughter.
Yes. and you didn't teach me
to walk away from doing the right thing.
You do know that I will be
handling this case personally. right?
Then I guess you will have me
to contend with.
That will be a major conflict of interest.
And as your boss I'm asking you
to withdraw the case immediately.
Now take it.
Well. Dad. in that case. I quit.
I'm not dropping this case.
Not until I see that monster punished
for what he did.
[Meera] You slept well. baby?
You're not eating breakfast. come on.
Eat properly.
Who takes care of you when I'm not here.
hmm?
-Who cooks for you?
-I cook. Ma.
-Really?
-I do.
Why do I find that so hard to believe?
Hey! Mama!
[Meera] Emma! How is my baby?
[Emma] Good.
-How are you doing?
-I'm good. Good to see you.
-I made some breakfast.
-[Emma] Oh!
He knows. Ma.
He smelled it across the hall.
Look at you!
No. I was just passing and I said.
let me come and greet Mummy.
-You know?
-Come on.
-But if you insist…
-Yeah. of course I'm insisting.
You're my son.
Don't start pulling his leg.
Mm. this Indian food is working-o!
Thank you so much. You like it?
You're enjoying!
So nice to see you both eat.
[sighs]
-Ma?
-Mm.
We need to talk about Didi.
There's this friend of mine. her daughter
Sunita. She has become so beautiful.
-Ma.
-And so pretty.
Ma. I don't want to talk about Sunita.
OK. so we talk about other options.
No problem.
Come on. Ma. Don't tell me you have
a book of some single eligible ladies.
Well. it's 2020 and I have an app. See?
Ma. please stop.
Yesterday…
-Whatever--
-I don't want to talk about anyone!
[sobs] Don't talk to me!
Ma. don't cry now!
-[Pidgin] What've you done now?
-I didn't mean to upset her.
-She's upset.
-But I need to talk about Didi.
-[Meera sobs]
-Ma.
-What "ma."
-Mummy. Mummy.
-He doesn't listen to me.
-You don't listen! Why don't you listen?
[Pidgin] Please!
It's not as if someone died.
Your parents don't want you to be
together. Is it the end of the world?
Maybe you should move on.
Wow! I actually thought you were gonna
say something smart. but--
That was smart.
OK. You guys. seriously.
can we just stand up and go somewhere.
what is all this?
You do look like somebody has died.
Stand up. let's go out.
-What is this now?
-Where?
At least somewhere
that is more fun than here.
-Hey! Now it's like your brain works.
-It works.
Let's go out. Let's go and. you know…
-Shake booty.
-Some fun and just…
Bump body. Ah. eh!
No. no. not you! Them. OK?
-Now. stand up. Stand up.
-Let's go.
-[Angie] You know me. I will drag you.
-Let's go!
[Angie] I will drag you up!
[party music]
[party music continues]
[no dialogue]
[Didi] Sorry. so sorry. Sorry I'm late.
I just… I just had a rough morning.
You didn't tell me your dad's
representing Raymond.
-Doesn't matter.
-You sure?
Yes. Come on. let's go.
Are you OK?
-Are you nervous?
-No.
They're keeping us waiting on purpose.
It's a tactic to unnerve us.
They do it all the time.
[door opening]
[low-level chatter]
Hello. Didi.
You mean "good morning. Miss Nwigwe."
This is not a family meeting.
Hello. Barrister Nwigwe.
Didn't recognize you without
your Tikka Masala boyfriend.
Morning. Miss Daniels.
My client and I would appreciate
not being kept waiting.
It's not without due cause.
With or without due cause.
it is professional ethics
and courtesy to inform us and apologize.
I think you should worry about
your client's case
and less about an apology.
You weren't much of a lawyer
when you were here.
I doubt you'll be much of a lawyer
on the opposite side of the table either.
Shall we proceed?
After an apology is tended
for keeping us waiting.
then we will proceed.
OK. we apologize. Miss Nwigwe.
Thank you.
We may proceed.
We're here today because your client.
Mr. Raymond Uche Nwachukwu.
assaulted my client. Jane Odoh.
on the 26th of April
at the Sky Towers Hotel.
We are suing for assault and harassment
to the tune of 50 million naira.
Your client assaulted?
No.
Your client attempted to kill our client.
He's fine with overlooking her folly
and not counter-suing
if you drop the case.
Otherwise. she may be
looking at jail time.
For attempted murder.
Like I said. not much of a lawyer.
Anywhere.
[Didi] You should have told me.
-I didn't think it mattered.
-How could it not matter?
You stabbed him!
I barely scratched his hand.
It was self-defense.
And then he beat you. How?
No. tell me. how did he beat you
with a knife wound?
-You think I'm lying.
-You lied to me the first time.
How am I supposed to know what to think?
I didn't lie to you. I only didn't
tell you that I wounded him.
-Why?
-Because of this.
I didn't want you to doubt my innocence
or think that I brought this on myself.
Jane. you should have still told us.
I didn't want to disappoint you by telling
you that I still had the pocketknife.
plus it's illegal to have a pocketknife.
But… I need it for situations like this.
[phone ringing]
We'll figure something out.
Don't worry about it.
-Hey. baby.
-[Raj] How did your case go?
-Not so great.
-Oh.
-I'm sorry to hear about that.
-It's OK.
How about I help you get it out of your
mind? Come spend the weekend with me.
Are you crazy? How about your mum?
She's spending the weekend
with Leila's sister and her family.
Raj. I don't know.
Let me get back to you. OK?
OK. I'll be waiting.
Sorry about Jane. You know what
these girls are going through.
She just didn't think we'd believe her.
What are we gonna do?
Raymond has a case.
But if we can prove that Jane did it
out of self-defense then…
We don't have any eyewitnesses.
How are we gonna do that?
A hotel like that would have CCTV footage.
That's true.
OK. sir.
Alright. sir.
I'm sorry. ma'am.
he's currently unavailable.
What do you mean he's unavailable?
You just spoke to him on the intercom.
-Yes. ma'am. but--
-OK. it's fine.
If he's not available.
can I speak to the manager?
-No. ma'am. He's also--
-Unavailable?
Yes. ma'am.
So you are telling me that there's no one
monitoring CCTV footage of this place?
-There are no CCTVs in the rooms.
-Yes. but you have them on the corridors.
Yes. but the one you are requesting
is faulty and--
Unavailable.
Look at the girl in this picture.
Someone did this to her.
Here.
In this hotel.
I am trying to get justice for her.
If this were your sister…
would the footage still be unavailable?
As a woman. please help me.
[sighs]
There was an imposing lady
always snapping her fingers.
She came for it.
Preemo.
Really. Dad?
I mean. I know you'll go to any lengths to
win. but this? Even this is beneath you.
Chidinma. what am I being accused of now?
You had the footage from
the hotel corridor destroyed.
Do you even have facts to go up against
your accusations?
Very convenient that all of a sudden
the footage is gone.
And I know it was by someone
in this office.
What law school did you even go to?
-Preemo--
-Ah!
I'm sorry. sir. but this is conjecture.
She needs hard facts to back it up!
I don't need hard facts! OK?
-I know how you play.
-To win.
See?
That's all this is about.
That is all this entire organization
is about.
Hm. well. you can add making money
to the list as well.
-Preemo.
-Sorry. sir.
Leave us.
She's right.
Do you know why I quit. Dad?
It's all about money here.
Winning. Money. winning. money. winning.
-No respect for right or wrong!
-Enough!
Enough. OK? Don't tell me about
what is right or wrong.
Nobody wins a case by just being right.
It is always about what you can prove
in a court of law.
That is the first thing you are taught
as a lawyer.
And as for the money?
This is not a charity organization.
There are people who live off the income
that we make in this establishment.
The money that put you through school
came from the cases that we won in here
and the monies that paid for those wins.
So don't you stand there and tell me about
what is right or wrong.
You know. we may be cut
from the same cloth.
But we are not the same.
Chidinma.
Chi!
Chidinma. you are taking this thing
too far.
No. Mummy. I'm not. Mummy. leave it.
I'm not. it's better this way.
How?
I have no intention of giving up the case!
And I know he won't either. so please.
I can't stay here. Mummy. let me go.
-Come here.
-Oh. Mum!
[Shola eulogizes Didi]
-[English] Where will you go?
-I don't know.
Angie's? A hotel?
Anywhere. Mum. anywhere but here.
I can't. Mummy. please.
He is just… I can't.
Yeah. I've got your emails.
I'm gonna respond immediately.
Yeah. yeah. It…
Let me call you back.
What happened. babe?
[squeaks. sobs]
Hey.
It's beautiful. I love it!
[man on TV speaks indistinctly]
[TV falls silent. sentimental music plays]
[door opening]
Ma.
Ma. weren't you supposed
to be back on Monday?
I couldn't leave you for one more day.
What is she doing here?!
And in your shirt!
Ma…
[Hindi] Behind my back.
all this is happening.
Ma. I can explain.
Didi. Didi. what are you doing?
Didi.
Didi. you don't have to leave.
Did you see the way she looked at me?
Didi. that's my mother.
And I love both of you.
The sooner you both get along.
the better it is for everybody.
-Clearly she's not trying to get along.
-Didi. she has to. she will.
Didi. I don't want you to leave.
Please. I'll just go and talk to her
and be right back.
Please stay. Didi.
-Hi. Leila.
-Hi. Didi.
Oh. my! What is that noise?
I'm at my nephews' house.
Let me call you back.
I can't…
Ma. now there are two things we can do.
Either she stays here.
or we go to a hotel together.
-What do you want?
-Fine. I'll agree on only one condition.
What?
[Meera snores]
[Meera farts]
[rings bell]
-Ma. I'm just going out.
-[Hindi] Yes. son. bless you.
Take this. don't go with an empty tummy.
Are you going out?
I have to pick some papers
from the office. I'll be right back.
-Let me come with you.
-[phone ringing]
Hello? Yeah. I'm on my way.
-No. I'm already there.
-No. wait.
-See you. Yeah.
-Just…
[Raj] See you.
[door closing]
-Good morning. Ma.
-What's so good about this morning?
Would you like me to make breakfast
for you?
Like what? Masala chai?
Aloo paratha? Egg bhurji?
[stammers]
[mimics] Exactly. That's what I thought.
I know my way around my son's house.
I can take care of myself.
You don't have to bother.
This is what you intend
on cooking for my son?
Raj loves indomie.
He's lived here too long.
He's forgotten what he likes to eat.
[fusion music]
[music continues]
Yes. Mum. I'm fine.
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
You? Are you OK?
No.
I miss you.
Mum.
Didi. you are just being stubborn.
and so is he.
-And I'm supposed to be the one to yield?
-Well. someone has to.
Didi… Come home.
I love you. Mum. but I have to go.
Chidinma.
Mummy. I have to go.
[Ernest] Yes. go through the files.
Alright.
Are you OK? Hmm?
What's the matter?
I want my daughter home.
I didn't send her out of this house
in the first place.
Ernest.
-[Igbo] Please.
-Shola. just hold on.
If you are going to ask me
to appease your daughter's ego.
the answer is no.
And quite frankly.
I find that a little bit insulting.
I'll be right back. tiger!
Hello. Ma. Good morning…
Good afternoon… Good evening.
Please. can you tell Chidinma
that I'm here to take her home.
She… She's not here.
-Where did she sleep?
-Er…
[man] Come on. baby!
I've been tied up here forever!
W…W… She… I'm sorry. Ma.
So. erm. she didn't sleep here. Well…
[man] Hey! What's taking so long?
Come back to Daddy!
Shut up! I'm coming!
You know. at some point you will have
to stop all this frolicking.
Nobody buys the cow
if they can get the milk for free.
Yes. Ma.
Where's my daughter?
[sighs]
[doorbell rings]
Sit down. sit down.
Yes?
Good evening.
I'm here to see my daughter.
Babe. Angie's been calling you
off the hook.
Mum.
Hello. Auntie. Good evening.
Mum. I…
What are you doing here?
Angie gave me his address.
The question is. what are you doing here?
You left your home to come
and stay here with him?
-[Didi] You know that's not how it is.
-Oh. and how is it?
Your father is going to be so unhappy
to find out that you are here.
-He does not approve of him.
-Why? Just because he's not Nigerian?
[Shola] That is not the reason why.
You are not going to be able
to win your father over like this.
So go in there.
get your things and let's go.
This is your mother?
I didn't know you had a mother.
-Ma.
-What. "Ma"?
It's true. No honorable mother will have
her daughter fighting with her father
and then go sleep at a man's house. right?
-[Raj] Ma! Please!
-Excuse me?
You don't say anything unnecessarily.
What "excuse me"?
-Ma. please stop.
-[Hindi] Why?
-[Shola chuckles]
-[Hindi] For her?
Is this the family you want to marry into?
-[Meera] Your fooling around.
-This family?
-This woman?
-What do you mean. "this woman"?
I come from a very respectable family
in India.
And I come from a very respectable family
here in Nigeria.
And talking about respectability.
your son has no home training.
I mean. which respectable man harbors
somebody else's daughter in his apartment
without doing what is right by her?
[Hindi] Listen.
Auntie. I have full intentions
to do right by her.
Oh. really. you do?
By being selfish and taking advantage?
Excuse me. my son does not
take advantage of a woman.
He's a very honorable man.
Your daughter is throwing herself
on my son.
-I am not!
-[Raj] Ma.
-Ma. please. he asked me to come here.
-Really?
So you fight with your father
and then stay in a man's house
-and you're not even married to him?
-That's not how it happened!
[all argue]
-That's enough!
-What is "Ma"?
Now just go in there and get your things.
This is obvious! You are not welcome here.
Ma.
Didi.
-Ma. how can you talk like this?
-[Hindi] And whatever she says is OK?
Auntie. I'm very sorry.
-Didi.
-Don't "Didi" me.
You just stood there.
Stood there and said nothing while
your mother accused me of being a slut.
-My mother didn't call you a slut.
-She did!
That's an exaggeration.
First your father insulted me.
and then your mother.
Both insulted me by calling me
disrespectful. dishonorable.
-and you didn't say anything either.
-I did.
-No. you didn't.
-I did! At least I tried. You didn't.
Not one word in my defense. And you're
the one who asked me to come here!
And you said you wouldn't.
then you show up at my door crying.
What was I supposed to do? Throw you out?
Didi. don't play some victim now.
You're right.
I'm not going to play the victim.
I refuse to be the victim of
your mother's disdain and insults.
[sad music]
[female singer] ♪ Can't be with you
Can't live without you ♪
♪ Please don't make me choose ♪
♪ It's the hardest thing to do. oh ♪
♪ Can't be with you
Can't live without you ♪
♪ Please don't make me choose ♪
♪ It's the hardest thing to do. oh ♪
♪ Everybody else but ourselves
know what we must do ♪
♪ Please don't make me choose ♪
♪ It's the hardest thing to do. baby ♪
♪ Can't live with you
Can't be without you ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ Please don't make me choose ♪
♪ It's the hardest thing I've had to do ♪
[Didi] Mr. Tarun!
-Mr. Tarun. hello.
-Hi.
-My name is Didi.
-Hi. Didi.
-I was hoping you could help me.
-Sure. what would you like?
So. I've been trying to get
some footage from this hotel
-because I'm investigating a case--
-I'm sorry.
you'll have to take that with my security
team. it's not something I deal with.
But they'll help you with whatever it is
that you want.
No. you don't understand.
-[phone ringing]
-Excuse me. please.
-[Raj] Yeah. it was very nice.
-[Leila] I enjoyed it.
Leila. I just have to meet someone.
I'll see you in a bit.
I'll go get us a table.
Raj!
Hi.
Raj. hey. how's it going?
Good to see you.
You guys know each other?
-Er…
-She…
She's the woman I want to marry.
Wow. that's big. Congratulations. man!
Erm. sir. please.
I really do need your help.
I'm investigating this assault case
and that footage will go a long way
in helping my case.
Sir. please. can you help her?
For me. as a favor.
Raj. for you. you know I can do anything.
And of course. if it happened in this
hotel. you'll get all the help you need.
Raj stopped me from making
a terrible investment many years ago
-and saved this entire company.
-Sir. I was just doing my job.
You saved me from a lot of wahala.
my friend.
But I'm gonna put you in touch
with the people in charge
-and you'll get whatever you need.
-Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you. Erm. I have to go. so…
Actually. Leila is with me.
she's at the restaurant.
-Would you like to meet her?
-Sure.
Er. sorry. guys. Leila from the NGO?
Yes.
Er. do you guys mind if I join you
for a drink?
Of course you can join us.
it's your hotel. sir. it'd be our honor.
[low chatter]
So. sir. Leila… we need to talk.
-I hope you don't mind. sir.
-Sure. of course. please.
-Thank you.
-[Tarun] You guys alright?
[Raj] Yeah.
Leila.
-I really enjoyed your seminar.
-I'm glad. I'm glad you did.
I'm glad that we're having a drink
together.
-How long have you been here?
-My whole life. actually.
I just wanted to share something with you.
-I got you something.
-Thank you. What's the occasion?
I'm not gonna need to send it to your
office anymore now that I saw you here.
-So you're Mr. T?
-I am.
Ah. why the mystery?
I think a little old fashioned romance
never hurt anybody.
That's sweet.
I just wanted you to know how special
I thought you were before I met you.
Thank you. that's very nice.
Leila. I'm hoping to get to know you
a little bit better.
Mm?
Think I can take you out for dinner
some time?
Sure. That sounds good.
So are you guys getting back together?
-I don't think so.
-Why not?
-It's just too much drama.
-But you love him.
I guess we can't overcome it all.
[knocking at door]
-See who has got another gift!
-[Leila] Thank you.
-Mr. T is at it again.
-At least we know who it is.
Yes. I do.
-You two enjoy your day. Bye bye.
-Bye. Cindy.
[Didi] Ooh!
Mr. Tarun at work!
Is this love I sense in the air?
Actually. this looks like it's for you.
"I hope you get the justice
you're looking for."
It's the CCTV footage.
Now let's watch.
Enough.
Enough! I said enough.
How much do you want?
My client demands 75 million naira
in damages.
And your client goes for
anger management classes
at a center of our choosing.
He cannot be late or miss a class.
otherwise the fee in damages
will be doubled.
Nonsense! 75 million naira?
Are you kidding me?
Shut up. Preemo!
We are in this mess because of you
in the first place.
-We accept your offer.
-What?
You better take care of this.
Or you can kiss the Axel deal goodbye.
You incompetent old fool!
No. this is not happening.
-This is not happening.
-Leave me.
-You'll be hearing from my father. sir.
-I'll be waiting.
Preemo.
You're fired.
What? After all the money
I've made for this company?
I should be the one running this company.
not her!
[Ernest] Keep quiet.
This company that you
want to run so badly.
you made it liable by tampering with
evidence in an ongoing case!
I lost myself in all of this.
I forgot the very principles
upon which this firm was founded.
Now get out.
No.
You're not even a real lawyer.
I couldn't have been more proud
of how you have held yourself.
Congratulations.
You did great. Didi.
I think your dad just paid you
a compliment.
[squeals]
Where did you get all that money?
I'm now signed to Chocolate City. baby.
I made it big!
-Mad-o!
You won that case.
Your dad told me. [chuckles]
Yeah.
-Congratulations.
-Thank you.
-I had some help. though.
-Who?
Rajesh.
I thought that was over.
It was. It… is.
I…
I miss him.
I love him. Mummy.
[Yoruba] Chidinma.
you can manage a bad husband…
but not bad in-laws.
Ah.
Chidinma. you have to value yourself.
You are not only marrying Raj.
you are marrying his entire family.
And his mother does not like you.
But what about you?
Do you like him?
Mummy.
If anybody knows exactly
what I am going through.
it should be you.
You're a Yoruba woman
that married an Igbo man.
How can you. of all people.
not accept this?
-It's different.
-How?
Mummy. how?
You fought for the love you have today.
Daddy fought for you.
How can you look at me and…
I don't understand.
Chidinma. I am trying to protect you.
I don't want you to go through
all of that struggle.
The fights I had with my parents?
-And he's Indian.
-But…
But you're with Daddy today.
Wasn't it worth it?
[Meera] I don't know what is wrong with
him. He doesn't come home on time.
he doesn't talk to me.
he doesn't tell me anything.
I really don't know
what the hell is going on.
Meera. you know what is wrong.
The poor boy is miserable.
Yeah. He should come back with me
and marry Sunita.
Meera! The young man
does not want to marry Sunita.
If you cannot leave him alone
to marry the woman that he wants.
then at least give him
the time to get over her.
I think I better come to Nigeria.
I am going to watch my cricket now.
You never help in any case.
I don't know why I even spoke to you.
[doorbell rings]
-Hi! How are you?
-How are you. darling?
-I love your chai. Auntie.
-You love my tea.
-How have you been?
-Good. how are you?
-I'm OK.
-I've come to talk to you about Didi.
Yes. you heard Raj and Didi
are in a relationship.
They were in a relationship
and I heard you had a problem with it.
Yes. I have a problem with it
because she's not Indian.
Auntie. what's the difference? Do you
really think being Nigerian or Indian
is going to affect your son's happiness?
No. it's not. but he's my son
and I'm possessive about him.
It's just two different cultures.
two different worlds coming together.
I don't know if she'll merge into
our ways. our food. our…
rituals. I don't know.
Do you think the women
are so different here?
No. Doubtful.
I don't know. I'm his mother.
for Christ's sake. Come on.
So. Auntie. you're like my mum. Let me
tell you. I have lived here my whole life.
I think sometimes I'm more Nigerian
than I am Indian.
But the women are no different. really.
In fact. some of the women I meet.
they're top of their game.
They're professionals. they're doctors.
they're lawyers. they're businesswomen.
But they haven't lost their femininity.
They haven't lost the fact that
they can instill values in their kids.
they can make homes for their husbands.
They have so much respect
for their elders.
So you really are very lucky to
have somebody like Didi in your life.
And Raj would be lucky to have her
as a wife.
She made noodles.
She made them. they're his favorite.
At least she cooked!
-You know. she's able to do it all.
-Yeah. I guess. I guess so.
It's all the same. we're all one.
Hum sab ek hai.
Yeah. true. we are one.
Can I show you how amazing she is?
-Will you go with me?
-OK. I'll trust you on this.
[uplifting music]
[fusion music]
I know Didi and your husband are lawyers.
Are you also a lawyer?
No. I studied business
and I worked in banking
and then. erm. I quit when…
-Ah! The sacrifices we make as mothers.
-Mm-hmm.
Now I know where she gets her values from.
From you.
Thank you.
I'm very sorry for the things I said
that day.
I was…
just being a mother.
I understand.
I'm sorry. too.
You have raised a fine. fine.
respectable young daughter.
Thank you.
And she's doing some
very. very noble work.
And by "noble" you mean?
She's working in Leila's NGO.
It's commendable work she's doing.
What would be commendable
is for my daughter to ensure
that my legacy lives on and get me
an appropriate son-in-law.
[chokes]
Lord.
What he means is that
he would have preferred a son-in-law
in the legal profession.
But as far as I'm concerned.
Raj's profession is excellent.
Of course it is.
[Meera] Why do you want a son-in-law
in the legal profession
when you have a brilliant daughter here
who's a lawyer?
I heard you threw a lot of obstacles
her way and she beat you.
You know. for running such a big law firm.
you're not a very smart man.
What? It's true.
Why do you want somebody else
from the legal profession
when you have someone like this
right here? She's brilliant.
She's good-hearted. she's intelligent.
she's smart.
And of all things. she's your daughter.
What more do you want?
[phone vibrating]
Excuse me. I'm buzzing.
-Why did you say all that?
-Why?
You know I speak my mind.
I didn't say anything wrong.
And if we all have to be in-laws. then
he should know what he's getting into.
Ma.
Right?
-Didi.
-Hmm?
-Will you take me to the bathroom?
-Of course.
[Meera] Let's go. Excuse me.
[Didi] It's this way.
Auntie. I'm very sorry about my mother.
she… I…
[laughs]
She was brilliant.
[Ernest speaking on the phone]
Listen to me. I don't care
who the hell you think you are
or how much money you have.
but you listen to me and you listen well.
If you ever threaten
to hurt my daughter again.
I will hunt you down like a lion hunts
his prey and tear you into tiny pieces.
Do you hear me?
And do me one more favor.
That twerp you call a son. train him.
And in case you missed it.
the Axel deal is off.
Oh. I will hear from your lawyers?
Oh. I certainly hope so. because
we do not represent you anymore.
Chi.
-Chidinma.
-Daddy.
I thought…
I'd hoped it would be Somto.
I know.
He's a good man. he's a good lawyer.
No doubt.
But you are even a better lawyer.
I don't know why it took your
mother-in-law to make me see it.
But. please. let's keep telling
your mum that
it was her influence all this while. OK?
But. Chi. I agree.
We are both cut from the same cloth.
That's why I always shine so bright
and stand out.
She's right. You know. your mother-in-law.
she's… She's right.
Chidinma. you are my legacy.
And I love you.
I love you. too. Daddy.
Oh. don't cry.
OK. so. what now?
[upbeat music]
[music continues]
[cheering]
♪ When you see me passing by
say hello ♪
♪ Hello ♪
♪ If you go give me trouble. just go
Just go ♪
♪ Me I no dey like wahala.
I no want no drama ♪
♪ Oh no. oh no ♪
♪ Namaste wahala ♪
♪ When you see me passing by
say hello ♪
♪ Hello ♪
♪ If you go give me trouble. just go
Just go ♪
♪ Me I no dey like wahala.
I no want no drama ♪
♪ Oh no. oh no ♪
♪ Namaste wahala ♪
♪ Bright lights everywhere ♪
♪ Make we turn up like we don't care ♪
♪ Good times right now ♪
♪ Hands in the air
We ain't going nowhere ♪
♪ Go low. get high ♪
♪ DJ. give me some more ♪
♪ Don't want no trouble. wahala
But he said hello. kasala ♪
♪ Baby you and I together ♪
♪ Yeah. we go face whatever ♪
♪ My baby make we show them-o ♪
♪ Say make we hit the dance floor ♪
♪ Do the shaku shaku for me
I go do the Bhangra for you ♪
♪ I no want trouble. no want trouble
Take your trouble far away ♪
♪ When you see me passing by
say hello ♪
♪ Hello ♪
♪ If you go give me trouble. just go
Just go ♪
♪ Me I no dey like wahala.
I no want no drama ♪
♪ Oh no. oh no ♪
♪ Namaste wahala ♪
♪ Wahala ♪
Now that we're done with the engagement.
let's talk about our dhahej.
Our dha-huh? What?
Well. it's a… It's a price you pay to us
for having our son.
Are you kidding me?
I have to pay you for your son
marrying my daughter?
I was just about to ask you when you guys
are going to pay us our bride price?
-What?
-Yes. That's what you have to pay us
for your son taking our daughter.
♪ Namaste wahala ♪
[Leila] What is happiness to you?
Is it a place? A destination?
What is happiness to you?
Is it time spent in blissful meditation?
You see. we tie our happiness to
the big moments. to achievements.
to the next big purchase.
To things outside of our reach.
So it's more like an unending journey.
But what happens when the rush is gone?
What happens when
all has been said and done?
Is it time to go on a search again?
Is it time to aim for that rush again?
The pursuit soon becomes an addiction.
you know.
Searching for the rush of emotions.
and all this while.
happiness has been right there.
if only we had paid some attention.
[male rapper] ♪ I've been thinking about
being grateful ♪
♪ Appreciation as I find my way through ♪
♪ Cos sometimes situations
be tryna break you ♪
♪ Anger and bitterness overtake you
And oh ♪
♪ See everybody tryna hustle
for a good life ♪
♪ Only recently
is when I understood life ♪
♪ The media be tryna tell you
what you shouldn't like ♪
♪ I choose to be grateful. yeah ♪
♪ For all the special things I got like my
life and my friends and my family. yeah ♪
♪ Even when it's going hard. things are
bad. they're right here beside me. yeah ♪
♪ I cannot do it on my own. no. no ♪
♪ And so I'm grateful they surround me.
yeah ♪
♪ Being grateful is like seeing the sun
even when the skies are cloudy. yeah ♪
[female singer]
♪ What you seek is within ♪
♪ It's not a place but a feeling ♪
♪ Search your heart and you'll find ♪
♪ I know it's hard. free your mind ♪
♪ Don't look farther. look inside you ♪
♪ I know you'll realize ♪
♪ Make that journey but don't go far ♪
♪ Make it inwards. right within you ♪
[male singer] ♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh
Ooh. true happiness ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh
[male rapper] ♪ See. true happiness
is love against the odds ♪
♪ Saying "Shukriya" to failure
cos it taught you something hard ♪
♪ It's lying inside your weakness
and feeling the hand of God ♪
♪ Seeing water inside the desert
then finding it's no mirage ♪
♪ Sadness threatens to shake you
with something you can't dislodge ♪
♪ It's noticing there's quiet inside of
this noisy forest we call life ♪
♪ I hope there's happiness in yours ♪
♪ If your energy is running low
You need to go recharge ♪
♪ I hope you remember
to feel the wind on your skin ♪
♪ Then breathe in
and be grateful for oxygen ♪
♪ And please don't forget that
long as life is still inside ♪
♪ It's not too late to try.
you can always begin. yeah ♪
♪ I hope that you're grateful
for second chances ♪
♪ Remember. it's about asking questions
and not the answers ♪
♪ Sometimes we can't change
the situation around us ♪
♪ But we can choose to see through
different lenses and be grateful ♪
[female singer]
♪ What you seek is within ♪
♪ It's not a place but a feeling ♪
♪ Search your heart and you'll find ♪
♪ I know it's hard. free your mind ♪
♪ Don't look farther. look inside you ♪
♪ I know you'll realize ♪
♪ Make that journey but don't go far ♪
♪ Make it inwards. right within you ♪
[male singer] ♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh
Ooh. true happiness ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh
[Leila] Happiness is never losing
that inner child.
It's about being strong and bold.
Happiness is gratitude.
The exercise of this
is an important attitude.
It's about giving and
not expecting anything back.
Happiness is an inside job.
Why do we keep searching
for what's already with us?
It's a wrap. guys!